
To compile on Linux:
	mkdir -p build
	cd build
	cmake ..
	make
Executable name is powder

To cross compile for Windows using MinGW on Linux:
	mkdir -p build
	cd build
	cmake .. -DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=../cmake/toolchain-cross-mingw-linux.cmake
	make
Executable name is powder.exe


If compiling on Windows using MinGW or MSYS, you may need to change 
the cmake generator type. Run cmake --help for a list of available 
generator types

For example:
	cmake .. -G "MSYS Makefiles"


So far, compiling with cmake has only been tested on Linux (both 
native compiling and cross compiling for Windows), and MinGW+MSYS 
running in Wine. 



Several options are available:

Cmake option name              Default
-----------------------------------------
GravityFFT                       ON                                                                                                          
LuaConsole                       ON                                                                                                          
PreferStatic                     ON 
NoWarnings                       ON                                                                                                          
Debug                            ON                                                                                                          
Optimisations                    ON                                                                                                          

To change an option, add -DOptionName=value to the end of the cmake 
command. For example, disable optimisations by adding 
-DOptimisations=OFF


GravityFFT and LuaConsole are optional, and Powder Toy will function 
fine if they are disabled. However, enabling them is recommended, since 
GravityFFT allows part of the game (the Newtonian gravity 
calculations) to run a lot faster, and LuaConsole adds useful extra 
functionality. 

GravityFFT requires the single precision version of the FFTW3 library 
(fftw3f), and LuaConsole requires Lua 5.1.

Most libraries are linked statically where available, to avoid having 
to mess around with DLLs for Windows, and to try to avoid issues due to 
differences in libbz2 naming conventions between Linux distros. Change 
this with -DPreferStatic=OFF

The Debug option enables or disables the "-g" compiler option for 
gcc/g++. If it's turned off, you may also want to strip the binaries 
after compiling them to further reduce the executable size, as this 
isn't done automatically.

